If you're reading this, you're either aboard a ship
with a *very* similar mission to our own, or I did
an unfortunately poor job at hiding this document.

My name is Isa Stoltenberg, and I am the Captain
of the Cadmus Asteroid Mining Survey, of the
Weiss Mining Corporation, which is
scheduled to launch in just a couple of weeks.

It is my belief that we are being sent here to die.

As of late, the company has been struggling with
striking workers, of whom the company has repeatedly
blocked efforts to unionize.

So far, the company is appearing to agree to the
terms demanded by the unions.

As a starship captain who has been with the company
for most of my adult life, and has basically never
complained about my working conditions, I never really
bothered to join any of the unions, or go on strike.

Until this time.

And now, I have been assigned as Captain to a new deep
space mining survey.

Initially I was bemused. It's a petty way to get
troublemakers out of the way, but whatever.

At least, while I'm leading an expedition, I can
conduct my crew however I like.

I first became suspicious when I was going over the
crew roster. While most employees participated in the
strike, my roster overwhelmingly included people who
played a part in actually organizing the strike within
their departments and teams.

I started going over the mission files again.

We were assigned unusually old ships. Parts of the fleet
that were likely to be decommissioned in a year anyway.

It should be said that mining corporations are sloppy with
safety and adhereing to standards. As much as I am opposed to
such practices, there is a culture of silence around it, as
it is typical for complaints about such issues to result in
termination a few weeks or months later.

So, when I saw that there were no arrangements being made to
conduct certain safety and compliance checks, I initially
didn't think much of it.

On second inspection, I realized that the tests being skipped
would be of little consequence on newer starships, but are exactly
the things you cannot skip on these old freighters.

You would miss it if you weren't paying close attention, but it's
all just so well set up to ensure the highest possible risk of death
for the most vocal labor-rights advocates in the company.

We are expected to arrive in Cadmus in 2708. Don't be surprised if
Weiss reports that they've "lost contact" with us around that time.